A young farmer gets rid of its farm tools and equip a sword to get after the ratiseases who pillaged his/her home and abducted his/her younger brother. His running after the ratiseases make him meet a traveling merchant who will convinced him that he is not strong enough to attack the monsters all by himself. The merchant will lead the young (wo)man to a soldier he knows who accepts to go with her/him in exchange of a year of service. They both go and after some adventures and the advise of an inn keeper who saw the pack of ratiseases, they finally find them, and discover that the younger brother was kept as an hostage and sold to some pirates as a galley slave. They have to abandon the researches as they do not have any lead yet.
The farmer begins to help out the soldier in the hunter camp while still looking for leads: (s)he has to take part in some trainings, find some herbs in the nature to prepare cataplasms, help hunting, voyage to sell and buy goods for the community.
After one of this journeys the farmer gets ambushed once again by ratiseases, and find out that the attacks of the ratiseases are led by some circle of second zone politicians of the capital of Agladel. The attack against her/his farm and other distructions were caused by political manoeuvers so as to gain more influential power for these radicals. The young (wo)man decide to bring this cercle of politicians down.
Once her/his service with the soldier is finished, (s)he comes to the capital in order to warn the other politicians. But, as a nobody (s)he is not listened. (S)he then decides to be engaged in the politician guard to be in contact with the political world and to make her/his voice stand out. Her/his fighting skills make her/him more and more popular amongst the other guards, and her/his denounciations begin to be listened. Her/his foes begin to publicly attack him and send killers and send him on dangerous missions (s)he has to accept.
(S)he finds out there is a secret camp which belongs to the politicians have in the mountains. (S)he infiltrates the camp and discovers that soldiers are brainwashed and trained in order to create an army to organize a revolution against the established power. (S)he got spotted and while (s)he escapes (s)he has the impression to see the young brother (s)he has lost. After this event (s)he will search after his/her brother to confront him. For years (s)he tries to find him but every time (s)he can't do more than glancing at him.
Finally, on one of his/her missions, (s)he finds a proof on one of her/his aggessors that the attacks are triggered by the circle of politicians (s)he denounced. But when (s)he gathers the evidence, (s)he gets attacked by the brother. (S)he tries to get to him, to talk to him as he is obviously brainwashed but he won't listen. (S)he has to make a choice: to kill him to end all of this or just to wound him, at the risk he will be able to escape.
If (s)he kills the brother (s)he gets the aptitude fratricide
If he doesn't the brother succeeds in escaping with the evidence, and our young heroes have to find him again. Ultimately (s)he finds him again as the brother try to heal himself and captures him.
In the end, with a politician (s)he became friend with, they are abled to trap their foes and bring them down. After this action, (s)he is rewarded with the title of protector of the nation.
If the brother is still alive, (s)he has him locked him up and after some visits, depending how the heroes talks to him, either the brother kills himself because of his indoctrination, either he begins to lose the brainwashing and to recover some part of his old personality.